bpo-38045: Improve the performance of _decompose() in the enum.py (#16483)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-09-30-12-09-41.bpo-38045.VDRtd3.rst

> Improve the performance of _decompose() in the enum.py. Patch by hongweipeng.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the performance of :func:`enum._decompose` in :mod:`enum`. Patch by hongweipeng.
```
